Add doc on support of "rdl:targetSameWindow=true" (#2259)
MicrosoftDocs/powerbi-docs: powerbi-docs/paginated-reports/report-builder-url-parameters.md

- rdl:FileExtension=string
- rdl:Schema=true/false

**Open hyperlink in same browser window**

> You can append 'rdl:targetSameWindow=true' to the hyperlink url in your report, and it'll make Power BI to open this hyperlink in same browser window. For information on how to add hyperlink in your report, see [Add a Hyperlink to a URL (Report Builder and SSRS)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/reporting-services/report-design/add-a-hyperlink-to-a-url-report-builder-and-ssrs?redirectedfrom=MSDN&view=sql-server-ver15)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can append 'rdl:targetSameWindow=true' to the hyperlink URL in your report to make Power BI to open this hyperlink in the same browser window. For information on adding hyperlinks to a report, see [Add a hyperlink to a URL](https://docs.microsoft.com/sql/reporting-services/report-design/add-a-hyperlink-to-a-url-report-builder-and-ssrs) in the SQL Server Reporting Services documentation.
```
